How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Through that I can see what have been changed from the old version and the new version,
    so I can solve the buggy part.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    So I can see the development of the code step by step, I can review my/others code quickly to get
    what is going on, I can undu bad changes, I can use part of it ...

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    1)I can commit when I make a logical purpose, on the other hand I may forget to mommit,
    or commiting many times like fixing each typo! which will be many commits without logical purpose.
    2)automatically saved: I won't forget to commit "itt'll do it may be each hour", but it have many many cons!

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    because files may be related to each other as HTML and CSS files, and usually the projects have many files that I want
    to track together,make change in two files then commit and then see diffrents have been made on those files at same time,
    others aren't for coders, and the files are usually seperated "change in one file don't related/effect other files".

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log : show the history of commits alongside with their id,author,date and message.
    git diff : show the differences between two commits "lines added and deleted"

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    because I can return to a previuos point easily, just using git checkout

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    ãÇ ÓÊÊåæÔ íÇÚã ÚáÔÇä ÇáÌåÇÒ ãÇ íÚáŞÔ ¡ æÚÇæÒ ÇÊŞÈá İí ÌæÌá ÓÇãÑ Çæİ ßæÏ ¡ æİí ÇäÊÑİíæ íæÏÇÓíÊí æÚÇæÒ ÇÚãá ÈÑæÇŞÇíá İÔíÎ ÚáÔÇä ÇáÇŞí ÔÛá 